---
layout: post
title: "Week 06: 26 Sep - 02 Oct"
---

### What did you do this past week?
Project 3 has not been assigned yet, so I didn't do much this past week for this class.

### What's in your way?
As there are no assignments currently assigned, I have no impediments.

### What will you do next week?
Despite there being no programming assignments currently in progress, first exam is this Thursday. I plan to study with other students throughout the week as well as independently. I am not immediately sure what I will put on my cheatsheet, but I will be working on it concurrently as I study.

---

We spent a good part of last week learning about list comprehension and generators and talked about functions that were themselves generators, such as functions that use "yield" and map. We went through many examples showing that the number of lines written could be greatly reduced just by using generators, which would not have necessarily been immediately clear had we stumbled across generators on our own.

Our first midterm is this upcoming week. I plan to revist all the code examples we have gone over in class and compare my corresponding notes against the ones Dr. Downing posts. Our cheatsheet cannot have any code examples, which is unfortunate but understandable.

---

### Pick of the week
My pick of the week is [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/), an online platform that facilitates competitive programming. HackerRank is a great way to improve your coding skills and better prepare for technical interviews. Even more importantly, though, many companies are now turning to HackerRank as a means of pre-screening and recruiting. Given that HackerRank is available for anyone to use to participate and practice, I highly recommend others to practice challenges to prepare for companies' HackerRank screenings.
