---
layout: post
title: "Week 11: 07 Nov - 13 Nov"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was extremely busy between attending a conference/working on a research project and working on the group project. The project was due on Thursday, and we were working up until the minute it was due. I spent most of my time working on the Angular and front-end aspects of the project.

### What's in your way?
Nothing much at this point. The final phase has been assigned, but we don't anticipate any immediate issues yet.

### What will you do next week?
As just stated, the final phase of the project has been assigned. We are getting started very early and hopefully will finish early as well and have the time to do touchups/fixes from the previous phases.

---

We have recently been going over SQL commands in class. Given that I don't have much experience with SQL, I find these lectures particularly useful. However, I need to spend some time on my own going over the lecture code and notes, as there are some concepts that I'm just not familiar enough with. This is reflected in some of my more recent quiz grades, though I would say the issue is more of timeliness rather than understanding.

The final phase of the project is upon us. The first week of phase two was busy for many of us and we didn't really get started until Monday of the week it was due. We ended up putting in some very long hours. Thankfully, this time around we are getting started much earlier. I'm actually looking forward to using another group's API, just for fun.

---

### Pick of the week
I spent much of the past week at [HCOMP 2016](http://www.humancomputation.com/2016/), a conference on Human COMPutation (e.g., crowdsourcing). This was my first conference, I had am thankful to have had the opportunity to attend as an undergraduate. Furthermore, my research partner (another undergraduate) and I published a work-in-progress paper and presented our project and a poster at the conference as well. If you are not graduating next semester, I recommend trying out research at UT. UT was recently ranked as the #5 computer science research university in the world by US News and World Report. Research is an enriching way to get involved with the CS community and can lead to opportunities in higher education.
