---
layout: post
title: "Week 02: 29 Aug - 04 Sep"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week, our first project was assigned and I started working on it. In class, we went over phases of starting, working on, and completing a project, and were introduced to Exceptions and their history and motivation.

### What's in your way?
Although I believed I installed Docker properly last week and was able to pull the class Docker image, I seem to have trouble getting the container to run properly. Not sure what the issue is, but I definitely need to look into and resolve it fast.

### What will you do next week?
Similar to last week's goals, I intend complete the assigned readings and work on the project, which is due this week.

---

I find the daily quizzes to be enriching. Several optimization hints have been given that will prove useful in the current project, but what is also helpful is that we take the time to go through solutions and examples step by step.

As I alluded to before, Dr. Downing's lectures are different than those of other computer science classes I have taken in the past. Once again, as a class we walked through various demonstrative code snippets, and during one of the lectures we broke down into pairs to discuss problems with and fixes to some Python code. I find these almost discussion-like lectures to be engaging and insightful. The amount and detail we go into may seem unnecessary to some, but I believe it gives students the opportunity to thoroughly grasp new concepts and also reinforce old ones.

---

### Pick of the week
My pick of the week is [HackTX](https://hacktx.com/), a hacakthon that has been hosted at UT for the past several falls. Hackathons are a great way to meet other student developers and network with full-timers as well as experiment and play with new ideas and technology. There are also tons of free goodies and cool prizes. The mailing list just opened up this past weel, so be sure to sign up for it to get the latest details!