---
layout: post
title: "Week 14: 28 Nov - 04 Dec"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week our group presented our IDB project in class. Additionally, we had our second exam, and I also completed the extra credit opportunities including Kattis.

### What's in your way?
Class is over, we don't have a final, and I have already completed all the extra credit opportunities. As such, there is nothing left in the way with respect to this class.

### What will you do next week?
With respect to this class, I am completely finished once this blog is submitted. I will not be doing anything for this class next week, but there is a final project in another class that I am still working on.

---

My group presented our project this past week and I am proud to say that it went well. It was a great experience working with my groupmates, all of whom were very capable and pleasant, and I picked up a few things. Additionally, we had our second exam this week. I had been studying since Monday up to the test day, so I felt adequately prepared for the exam, which ended up seeming much easier than I anticipated.

Because this is the last blog post of the semester, I am going to discuss some things that I have been reflecting on throughout the semester. Firstly, I believe Dr. Downing is a great lecturer and I really like how he teaches by walking through code as opposed to using slides. I find it much more immersive and demonstrative in that way. Quizzes are tough, but reinforcing. I know Dr. Downing reads these blogs, but because he is so very genuine about wanting feedback, I must admit that I did little to none of the readings. We were not tested on it, and if there were quiz questions were regarding readings, I was often able to just reason the correct answer (not always, though). Also, I have mentioned this before, but I really like how Dr. Downing invites guest speakers from industry to talk about their experiences. Not only do we get personal insight into a career in software after university, this also presents us a networking opportunity if we so choose to take advantage. As for the class itself, I wish I was able to get more out of it than I actually did. I blame this though on just already having a lot of experience from internships. I am already familiar with topics like unit testing, code quality (e.g., lint), REST APIs and architecture, etc., though I did get a formal education on Python, which I found to be very helpful. I unfortunately did not end up using Docker, and I really wish I did because it seems like a very powerful tool.

I do not have any real criticisms of this class or Dr. Downing, though maybe some ideas or suggestions. I thought the class was very well organized, though I can imagine some groups might have struggled with their IDB projects at some points due to lack of experience using tools such as AngularJS and React, which were not covered in class. I'm not quite sure how to address this, since it does not seem like we would have much time to thoroughly cover this in class. Also, there are plenty of online resources for things like this, so maybe it was not an issue after all. Anyway. I have mentioned this in a previous post, but I feel IDB projects would be more interesting and fun from a programming perspective if we were able to more freely choose our own topics. I understand it would be unoriginal if everyone did Pokemon and League of Legends, but I think it would be nice if we at least had the option to. I suggest this because I feel projects based on things we like would turn more into "passion" projects instead of be just another school project. Some groups did end up with some pretty cool ideas though like Greek mythology and astronomy, so maybe my group was just a little lacking on the creative said. Another thing I think might be fun would be to do a MEAN/NodeJS project. I am biased since I really like JavaScript, but a big reason why I suggest this idea is because of the thousands of diverse packages on npm that, in my opinion, make Node projects so interesting (some groups did end up using Node/npm, I think). Additionally, Node is widely used in industry for both backend and frontend purposes, and as such I believe it would be worthwhile to teach. Again, not really sure how this would fit into the schedule, but ideas are ideas, I suppose.

Ultimately, I enjoyed the class and thank Dr. Downing for his effort and guidance for us.

---

### Tip of the week
To be blunt, I am doing these blogs for the extra credit. I do like though that Dr. Downing reads these. Some important conversations have been brought up by some of these blog posts, which is also a very important thing. However, my tip of the week is simply to do any extra credit opportunity presented to you if you have the resources (e.g., time and skill) to do so. Even if you do not need it, you can always do with a little extra buffer in case you make a mistake :-)
