---
layout: post
title: "Week 04: 12 Sep - 18 Sep"
---

### What did you do this past week?
My partner Jack Jiang and I teamed up this week to pair program our second assignment. We surprisingly got very far in what we consider rather little time. Nice work Jack! :)

### What's in your way?
The last part of the project that we have been working on is predicting scores that produce an acceptable RMSE. So far we have only been able to get as low as 1.0, but we are still trying some ideas out.

### What will you do next week?
The project is due this week, so we will spend some more time this week to make sure it gets done on time. Career fair is this week as well.

---

Last Wednesday, we had a guest speaker come to class (his name escapes me, unfortunately). He is a UTCS/EE graduate now working at Bloomberg, and he spoke with us about his experience as a professional software developer as well as Bloomberg itself. Though I have seen this person recruit at career fairs in the past, this was my first time hearing him give a talk. I learned a lot about the company: its industry, the software tools their developers use, their involvement with the community, and more. I had also heard of Bloomberg in the past but never seriously considered it until now. It seems like a place where I can work on impactful projects while still having the opportunity to learn new things. I appreciate that Dr. Downing invited him to speak with us.

This past week we also talked about operators, the Python reduce method, and different implementations of factorials. We found that all native implementations of factorials in Python are rather slow, however, Python's provided factorial function, written in C, is very quick.

---

### Tip of the week
Career fair is this week! Last week I attended a technical interview workshop hosted by Microsoft in which the presenter said he talked to companies he was less interested first in order to "warm up". Every person is different, but if you believe this might be a valid strategy for you, I urge you to do it. Aside from that, my tip of the week is to go over your resume and mentally prepare yourself to explain and/or defend it as you wait in line to talk to a recruiter. Although this phrase may be over-used, it is very true: anything and everything on your resume is fair game, so be prepared to talk about it!