---
layout: post
title: "Week 10: 31 Oct - 06 Nov"
---

### What did you do this past week?
I had a busy week this past week and wasn't able to put work into the project. In class, we learned about Regex and had a visit and presentation by Pariveda, and on Friday class was cancelled. Lucky for me and some others, who were interviewing in Phoenix on that day.

### What's in your way?
Honestly, other projects are in my way. The issue is more of time rather than ability, but otherwise nothing is in our way as a group.

### What will you do next week?
This week is also going to be unpleasantly busy. The HCOMP conference is going on this week, and I have some projects to work on, this one included.

---

We had one day of lecture this week. Wednesday we had some guest speakers from Pariveda come visit, and there was no class on Friday (even though I would have missed it anyway due to interviews). Either way, there wasn't much that happened last week in the classroom. We were introduced to Regex, which is extremely useful but also extremely difficult to understand and get the hang of. My group hasn't made much headway on the second part of the project yet, but we will be working hard on it this week.

Project 2 is due this week. This means that project 3 is due two weeks after. After that, it is Thanksgiving week. The week or two after will be the last week of classes and we will have our second exam. This semester is passing by very quickly, almost too quickly to keep up with. C'est la vie.

---

### Tip of the week
Registration started this past week and continues into this week. Given the majority of us are not honors students and are undergraduates, if you are interested in taking an honors elective, you will have the opportunity to try and register for it on the first class day, else if you are interested in taking a graduate course, you may speak with the CS Department on the fourth class day to try and obtain permission to do so.
