---
layout: post
title: "Week 13: 21 Nov - 27 Nov"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week we were able to finish our project a day early. This included both the programming aspect and the writing portion.

### What's in your way?
This week is Thanksgiving week. Since we have no classes on Wednesday this year, we only have class on Monday. Aside from that, we are just doing presentations in class, so really nothing too big going on right now. However, we do have our next test next Friday I believe.

### What will you do next week?
As said, this week will be fairly relaxed and very short. All I plan to do with respect to this class is the extra credit opportunities (eCIS and Kattis).

---

Last week seemed a little uneventful in class. This is because we had guest speakers from SpiceWorks come in on Wednesday and I was out on Friday for interviews in Seattle. I haven't had the opportunity to go back and look at what I missed, but I will be doing so soon.

The next couple of weeks we are doing presentations. I'm excited to see what the other groups have built. There were some good project ideas that I've heard about, and I expect other websites to be well-built. There are probably some things that I would be able to take away from other groups' projects in terms of design and choices of libraries. I also expect the D3 visualizations to be very cool.

---

### Tip of the week
Sometimes company recruiters are not as proactive as you would like for them to be with respect to scheduling interviews and/or accommodating competing offer deadlines. If you are truly interested in the company, you should bug your recruiter until whatever needs to be done actually gets done. However, you should be wary about such situations and think about whether this is just an isolated case and you were unlucky with your point of contact or if this is a reflection of the company as a whole.