---
layout: post
title: "Week 08: 10 Oct - 16 Oct"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week project 3 was assigned. I joined a team and we discussed and decided on an idea, looked at data and APIs, got started on the UML, got started designing the models, and got started looking at Flask and Angular.

### What's in your way?
None of us are extremely familiar with Flask or Angular. However, several of us have front-end experience while others have back-end experience, so I believe we should be able to piece things together without much problem when we get to that part.

### What will you do next week?
The first phase of project 3 is due this week. We need to finish the UML, create the Postgres models, create the HTML pages, host on AWS/Digital Ocean, and write a technical report. It seems like a lot, but we've made good headway on a number of these items already.

---

I'm a little disappointed that we couldn't choose a topic in entertainment. I remember a friend taking this class in a past semester and doing his group project on Pokemon. While I understand Dr. Downing's argument that this should be something we can show a recruiter or interviewer, I feel like they wouldn't particularly mind if the app was about something fun rather than be very useful. I just believe the students would be more excited if they viewed this as a "passion project", especially since this will be the project that we will be working on for the remainder of the semester. Regardless, I look forward to working on this project and learning web development concepts.

---

### Pick of the week
[codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/) has online courses to teach users web programming languages and tools including Python, Ruby and Ruby-on-Rails, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, and SQL. codecademy also has courses on Angular (although 1.x instead of 2.x) and React, which students in this class may find particularly helpful.