---
layout: post
title: Week 01: 24 Aug - 28 Aug
---

###What did you do this past week?
This past week, Dr. Downing introduced us to the software stack that we would be using for the semester. One of the technologies we will be using is Docker. I installed Docker onto my local machine and downloaded the class DockerHub image as well. I also set up this blog using Jekyll and GitHub Pages.

###What's in your way?
My experiences with Docker and Jekyll/GitHub Pages went well without any problems. I did not experience any impediments this week, nor do I have any problems this upcoming week so far.

###What will you do next week?
So far, all I have planned is to read our assigned textbook chapters for the week. If the first project is released, I will make the effort to start as early as convenient for me.

---

I've been trying to get into Dr. Downing's Software Engineering class for the past several semesters, and I finally have the opportunity to take it this fall. I took Modern Web Apps several semesters ago, a similar course with a focus on Enterprise Java, and I have worked on full-stack Node.js applications at previous internships. Though some elements in this class such as unit testing and REST services may be more of a review for me, I am looking forward to learning and using new technologies and tools such as Docker, Python, PostgreSQL, and Digital Ocean.

The first several of lecture were unique. Dr. Downing walked us through some simple bash and Python scripts, and students interactively answered questions about what each line of code was doing. Later, we again walked through some Python scripts, this time dealing with ```assert```ions, unit tests, and code coverage. It was helpful to see which specific lines of ```Assertions.py``` were executed based on how the unit tests were written as well as the total percentage of lines executed as a result of the coverage scripts.

---

###Pick of the week
I've been working on a [small side project](https://github.com/budang/math-stats) recently in Node.js and have been focusing on writing unit tests for the past several days. After being introduced to the concept of code coverage in class, I decided to try to find one to use in my own project. My pick of the week is [Istanbul](https://www.npmjs.com/package/istanbul), a JavaScript code coverage tool that I am now using alongside the popular [Mocha](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mocha) unit testing framework.
