---
layout: post
title: "Week 03: 05 Sep - 11 Sep"
---

### What did you do this past week?
Our first project was due this past week, so I spent quite a while working on it. I still managed to finish early though!

### What's in your way?
At this point, nothing is in my way, since I have not yet started on the next project.

### What will you do next week?
I believe our next project will be assigned sometime this week. I will try to find a partner and get started early.

---

The first project was pretty fun. Unlike the majority of my previous classes, the projects in this class make heavy use of external tools. Getting the set-up right took more time and effort than actually implementing the solution, excluding making use of optimizations and writing/running tests. To my surprise, my optimized implementation passed Sphere on the first try (after working around some of its kinks)! My run time was 0.22 seconds using a tiled meta cache and bit tricks, but the best time was an impressive 0.3 seconds, using a combination of a tiled meta cache, a lazy cache, bit tricks, and other optimizations. Several people were able to acheive this time, and I applaud them!

In class, we talked about different types in Python and discussed mutability and immutability. Coming into this class I had a very modest knowledge of Python, but the way lectures are taught, this class may very well be a secondary Python class. While more experienced Python programmers may find lecture repetitve, I think less experienced Python programmers such as myself benefit greatly from class.

---

### Tip of the week
With career fair on the horizon, my tip of the week is to attend some of the workshops being hosted this upcoming week, such as Resumania and technical interview workshops. Even if you're familiar with the process, it doesn't hurt to have an extra pair of eyes go over your resume or refresh your interview strategies. Additionally, many of these workshops are sponsered and headed by companies that will be at the career fair; this is a great opportunity to meet and network with recruiters early as well as get tips from people who may end up interviewing you!