---
layout: post
title: "Week 12: 07 Nov - 13 Nov"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week we got started early on phase three of the project. Specifically, I made the unit tests display on the about page and added dynamic content to our details pages. I served as moderater for our scrum room on planITpoker, which we did in person. I wrote about this process in the wiki.

### What's in your way?
We are just about finished with phase three. No impediments.

### What will you do next week?
Since we are just about finished with this phase, we are mostly just doing touchups at this point. Our wiki already over 5000 words, but we still need to do the self critique. We also still need to build a page utilizing the API of another group and critique them as well. Lastly, we need to create a presentation. However, we have already finished the actual implementation of our site.

---

The past several classes, we have been learning about refactoring practices and some basic object oriented rules. It feels somewhat odd being back in the Java space in this class, since we spent over half the class in Python. Nonetheless, the recent Java lectures have been a good review. I feel like most of the things that we have been talking about we learned back in 312 or 314, though maybe not in as much detail. It's been helpful revisiting many of this concepts, since now we are much more experienced and have a better understanding how things work.

Also, somewhere along the way I screwed up the dates on my blog posts. I need to go back and fix them at some point...

---

### Pick of the week
This is a compilation of [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) lists. Essentially, an "awesome list" is a list of resources pertaining to a specific topic, ranging from big data to machine learning and computer vision to programming languages. My personal favorite is the NodeJS list, which contains a bunch of useful npm modules that I am excited to try out at some point.
