---
layout: post
title: "Week 07: 03 Oct - 09 Oct"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was rather hectic. With respect to this class, we had our first exam.

### What's in your way?
Project 3 got released today. Since we just had our first exam, nothing currently is in the way except for that. Starting is usually the hardest part!

### What will you do next week?
Step one is reading the spec. My guess is that we will go over the project at least breifly in class, then I will likely go over the spec again on my own. Step two is actually getting started.

---

We had our first exam this past week. I didn't really mind coding on Canvas, although it definitely still isn't as nice as something as basic as Wordpad. No complaints really though. The test was tricky but not impossible. Hindsight is always 20/20 and there are some things I wished I had looked over more, but I think I was able to think through the problems. Cheatsheet didn't actually help much, as Dr. Downing warned, but it was still helpful when reviewing the material, again as Dr. Downing said. Only real (minor) complaint is that the test was so late in the day. We also started late, but I am aware that this was out of Dr. Downing's power.

Project 3 was released this week. I haven't looked over the spec yet, but I am thinking this is our first real "web dev" assignment. It is a group project and thankfully I have already found group members. We have 6 group members total, and I wonder if any of us have directly worked in a group this large. I have not but am pretty optimistic and look forward to working with them.

---

### Pick of the week
[Overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/) is a free LaTex editor that renders in real time as you write. Furthermore, multiple people can collaborate and work on the same LaTex project in real time. Overleaf claims to have over 2400 templates and best of all is free!  I imagine it would be very useful for someone currently taking CS 331, researchers who are working on a research paper together, or someone who wants to spice up their resume.