---
layout: post
title: "Week 05: 19 Sep - 25 Sep"
---

### What did you do this past week?
My partner and I finished up the assignment fairly early in the week. Somehow we ended up forking the wrong public test repo and got our test files as well as someone else's commited to it, but luckily we found out about the error on time and resolved it. Career fair was also this week, I attended that as well as the FOCS brunch in the morning before the event.

### What's in your way?
Assignment 2 was due this past week. As of right now, we don't have any active assignments.

### What will you do next week?
The next project is a group project, and though it will be a few weeks before it is assigned, I should start looking for a group of people to work with. The most immediate thing on the agenda right now is our first midterm in several weeks.

---

We had another guest speaker come to class again. Alex Menzies is a UTCS grad that is working at Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) at NASA. One of his most recent projects was one that aimed to put scientists on the surface of Mars. Collaborating with a team from Microsoft, Alex helped develop a software tool called OnSight which allowed NASA scientists to virtually explore the surface of Mars with the help of Microsoft's HoloLens. Alex's presentation was very interesting, and I particularly enjoyed his demos. Again, I am thankful to Dr. Downing for inviting guest speakers to class, something which I have not experienced in any other class before.

In class, we talked about the difference between a datatype being iterable vs indexable (i.e., weak vs strong properties). We also talked about map and reduce functions in Python.

With our first midterm coming up in a few weeks, I am glad that Dr. Downing posts his notes from class on Piazza. To study, I will probably do a combination of comparing my notes against his and go through his code samples.

---

### Pick of the week
Because I don't really have any other ideas, [text-tailor](https://www.npmjs.com/package/text-tailor) is a Node.js command line tool I wrote that trims trailing white/tabspaces in a file as well as leading and trialing newlines (useful for code quality in my opinion). No major issues encountered so far, but any feedback would be appreciated :)
