---
layout: post
title: "Week 09: 24 Oct - 30 Oct"
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week my group comfortably finished the first phase of the project. I feel that everyone contributed roughly equally and took the project seriously. I was especially pleased with our git and Slack workflow, which helped us communicate and organize efficiently.

### What's in your way?
Phase two has been released. Though I have not yet looked at the spec, I assume this phase we will be populating our Postgres database. I anticipate that we will need to do some revisions for our models and unit tests, and additionally we will need to move our front-end over to Angular or React. While I don't see this as impediments, these are probably the bigger points of this phase.

### What will you do next week?
This week will be pretty busy for me. However, I will find some time to read the spec and set up issues on GitHub. Ideally we would start the project this week, but I might not be able to meaningfully contribute until the weekend. We will see.

---

This past week we started going over database relations (selection and projection) and different joins. I anticipate this will be particularly useful for this phase, although I believe it is useful to know generally as well.

Phase one of the project went very smoothly for us in my opinion, and we finished comfortably ahead of the due time. It seemed that some of us were concerned about the length of the wiki, but we ended up surpassing the minimum word count by a fairly healthy amount. Development overall also went smoothly. We created a "phaseOne" branch off of master, created feature branches, and created pull requests back into "phaseOne" before finally merging back into master. This enabled us to work on different parts of the codebase with minimal conflicts. Additionally, Slack proved to be very helpful for communicating with one another and organizing meeting times.

---

### Tip of the week
As many people have already experienced, you can integrate GitHub and TravisCI with a Slack channel. But did you know you can also integrate Google Drive and Google Hangouts as well? There is a rather large selection of apps you can browse and view if you go to "your-group.slack.com/apps" to help address various needs you might have.
